README.md, before:

[![cider]](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/cider)
[![emidje]](https://github.com/nubank/emidje)
[! [midje]](https://github.com/marick/Midje)
[![nrepl]](https://github.com/nrepl/nrepl)
[![refactor-nrepl]](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/refactor-nrepl)

# midje-nrepl

nREPL middleware to interact with Midje.

The goal of midje-nrepl is to provide a better support for interacting with
[Midje](midje) from Clojure tools such as [Cider](cider). It offers a set of
features for running Midje tests, getting report information and formatting
facilities to be used within a `REPL` session.

## Usage

### With Cider and Emidje

If you are using [Cider](cider) and [Emidje](emidje) within Emacs, just call
`cider-jack-in` and the appropriate `midje-nrepl`'s version will be injected in
the `REPL` automatically.

If you are connecting to an already running `REPL` process, `midje-nrepl` should
be added explicitly. Add the following, either in your project's `project.clj`,
or in the `:user` profile found at `~/.lein/profiles.clj`:

```clojure
:plugins [[cider/cider-nrepl "0.18.0"]
[nubank/midje-nrepl "0.1.0-BETA"]]
```

Notice that currently only `Leiningen` is supported.

## Available features

* Inhibit Midje facts from being run on certain nREPL operations such as `eval`,
  `load-file`, `refresh`, `refresh-all` and `warm-ast-cache` (when
  [refactor-nrepl](refactor-nrepl)) is available on the project's
  classpath. This is useful specially on large projects with slow and heavy
  tests, where those run inadvertently as a side effect of the aforementioned
  operations.
* Provide a set of operations for dealing with Midje tests: to run a given fact,
  a set of facts in a given namespace, all facts defined in the project, allow
  re-running non-passing tests, etc.
* Support auto-formatting tabular facts.

## Testing

Type `make test` to run unit tests (those under the `test` directory). Type
`make test-integration` to run integration tests (those under the `integration`
directory). They are useful for exercising a real communication with a nREPL
server running within a fake project. If you are working interactively on a REPL
and want to run integration tests, type `make setup-integration` to set-up the
needed stuff.

## License
Copyright © 2018 Nubank

Distributed under the Apache License, Version 2.0

Commit message:

Add make test-all to README.

README.md, after:

[![cider]](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/cider)
[![emidje]](https://github.com/nubank/emidje)
[! [midje]](https://github.com/marick/Midje)
[![nrepl]](https://github.com/nrepl/nrepl)
[![refactor-nrepl]](https://github.com/clojure-emacs/refactor-nrepl)

# midje-nrepl

nREPL middleware to interact with Midje.

The goal of midje-nrepl is to provide a better support for interacting with
[Midje](midje) from Clojure tools such as [Cider](cider). It offers a set of
features for running Midje tests, getting report information and formatting
facilities to be used within a `REPL` session.

## Usage

### With Cider and Emidje

If you are using [Cider](cider) and [Emidje](emidje) within Emacs, just call
`cider-jack-in` and the appropriate `midje-nrepl`'s version will be injected in
the `REPL` automatically.

If you are connecting to an already running `REPL` process, `midje-nrepl` should
be added explicitly. Add the following, either in your project's `project.clj`,
or in the `:user` profile found at `~/.lein/profiles.clj`:

```clojure
:plugins [[cider/cider-nrepl "0.18.0"]
[nubank/midje-nrepl "0.1.0-BETA"]]
```

Notice that currently only `Leiningen` is supported.

## Available features

* Inhibit Midje facts from being run on certain nREPL operations such as `eval`,
  `load-file`, `refresh`, `refresh-all` and `warm-ast-cache` (when
  [refactor-nrepl](refactor-nrepl)) is available on the project's
  classpath. This is useful specially on large projects with slow and heavy
  tests, where those run inadvertently as a side effect of the aforementioned
  operations.
* Provide a set of operations for dealing with Midje tests: to run a given fact,
  a set of facts in a given namespace, all facts defined in the project, allow
  re-running non-passing tests, etc.
* Support auto-formatting tabular facts.

## Testing

Type `make test` to run unit tests (those under the `test` directory). Type
`make test-integration` to run integration tests (those under the `integration`
directory). They are useful for exercising a real communication with a nREPL
server running within a fake project. If you are working interactively on a REPL
and want to run integration tests, type `make setup-integration` to set-up the
needed stuff. Type `make test-all` to run both kinds of tests.

## License
Copyright © 2018 Nubank

Distributed under the Apache License, Version 2.0
